readme.md, before:

#Andrea

Yes, another front-end framework. Sue me.

Demo: [Andrea](http://oelizondo.github.io/Andrea/)

##Installation and usage

To install Andrea, first switch to the ```installation``` branch and clone the repo.
Then simply put the ```andrea``` folder inside your project, and reference it this way:

```html

  <link rel="stylesheet" href="Andrea/normalize.css">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="Andrea/andrea.css">

```

And you're ready to start working. If you like Sass, then you can checkout the ```src``` folder to move things around, or import it directly into your project.


##What does it come with?

###A 12-column grid

```html

  <div class="one"></div>
  <div class="two"></div>
  <div class="three"></div>
  <div class="four"></div>
  <div class="five"></div>
  <div class="six"></div>
  <div class="seven"></div>
  <div class="eight"></div>
  <div class="nine"></div>
  <div class="ten"></div>
  <div class="eleven"></div>
  <div class="twelve"></div>

  <div class="row"></div>

  <div class="container"></div>

```

###Some buttons

```html
  <div class="button"></div>
  <div class="ghost"></div>
  <div class="big button"></div>
```

###Some base styles

Base styles have been included for the ```<hr>```, anchors and headings.
Andrea comes with normalize as well.

###Some rules

These rules are to make life easier, for exampls ```<div class="landing-height"></div>``` will create a dive that has 100vh height to make landing websites easier.

###Version

Andrea is in version 0.0.1, or in an alpha stage. The main framework is done, but I expect to add layers of functionality in the future.

###Rationale

No we don't need another web framework, and no I don't care. It was fun. That's it. And I'm not finished with it.

Commit message:

updates readme with contributing information

readme.md, after:

#Andrea

Yes, another front-end framework. Sue me.

Demo: [Andrea](http://oelizondo.github.io/Andrea/)

##Installation and usage

To install Andrea, first switch to the ```installation``` branch and clone the repo.
Then simply put the ```andrea``` folder inside your project, and reference it this way:

```html

  <link rel="stylesheet" href="Andrea/normalize.css">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="Andrea/andrea.css">

```

And you're ready to start working. If you like Sass, then you can checkout the ```src``` folder to move things around, or import it directly into your project.


##What does it come with?

###A 12-column grid

```html

  <div class="one"></div>
  <div class="two"></div>
  <div class="three"></div>
  <div class="four"></div>
  <div class="five"></div>
  <div class="six"></div>
  <div class="seven"></div>
  <div class="eight"></div>
  <div class="nine"></div>
  <div class="ten"></div>
  <div class="eleven"></div>
  <div class="twelve"></div>

  <div class="row"></div>

  <div class="container"></div>

```

###Some buttons

```html
  <div class="button"></div>
  <div class="ghost"></div>
  <div class="big button"></div>
```

###Some base styles

Base styles have been included for the ```<hr>```, anchors and headings.
Andrea comes with normalize as well.

###Some rules

These rules are to make life easier, for example ``` <div class="landing-height"></div>``` will create a div that has 100vh height to make landing websites easier.

###Version

Andrea is in version 0.0.1, or in an alpha stage. The main framework is done, but I expect to add layers of functionality in the future.

###Contributing

Easiest way to get your environment running is the the ```package.json``` we included in the repo, simply ```npm install``` after you clone it, and then:

* Make your changes.
* Push.
* Pull request to this master branch.

###Rationale

No we don't need another web framework, and no I don't care. It was fun. That's it. And I'm not finished with it.
